By default, test classes and methods will be older to use an algorithm that is deterministic but intentionally
not on this.
And although true, unit tests typically should not rely on the order in which they're executed, there
are times when we do need to enforce a specific test method execution order.
For example, when we work with integration tests and the following lessons, we will learn how to apply
order on your unit test methods and classes.
But first, let's learn how to run your unit tests in a run them order.
And to demonstrate this, we'll create a new class.
I will call this test class methods or the randomly.
And test at the end.
And now I will add to this class.
For basic test methods.
These test methods will not test anything.
They will simply print out a string.
Let's say we have test e that prints out.
Something like running test eight.
And now I will create three more test methods with very similar name, let's say test B.
This scene.
And Test D.
Now to make sure that this test meant that's executed in random order.
I will undertake this class with test, method or annotation.
So it is test method order annotation.
And this annotation allows us to use method order interface and we can use this interface to specify
which order we would like to apply to this methods.
For example, if I hit Dot, then using method order, we can order our methods by method mean by order
annotation.
Make them run in random order or order them.
But in this planning for this demonstration, I will use random corner.
And now if I run test methods in this class, I expect this method to run around the order.
So let's try.
I will click on run button to run all test methods in this class.
And it looks like my methods to run in the random order.
There's B, this C, A and D.
Now, if I around this test methods one more time, I expect them to run in a different order.
Let's try.
And now the order is different.
If I run again, it will be a different order again.
Right.
So it is working very well for us.
And you now know how to make a unit.
Tests run in a random order.